hello I'm lathe paulsen for cool mini or
not and today I'll be walking you
through some of the unique mechanics we
have within wrathful Kings our new fully
scalable skirmish miniature war game
Bradley Kings offers five unique
factions each faction in Wrath of Kings
has three unit types let's look at in
the sears Ashman swordsman Ashman
swordsmen are housed in Sears infantry
units infantry make up the first and
most common unit type while they are the
most plentiful they are often the least
powerful here we have the Ashman Hakkar
a leader unit for how sincere leaders
are the second unit type leaders are
more powerful versions of their infantry
counterparts additionally they allow the
infantry to attack and move as a group
and combined activations
conversely killing a leader breaks the
chain of command and causes the infantry
to lose the ability to do combined
activations from that leader next let's
look at how since ears wrath or a
rathore is a specialist unit type
specialists are the final unit type a
player can deploy specialists only ever
activate alone I mean they will never be
part of a combined activation but are
always more powerful than infantry units
specialists also offer unique skills
that are not provided by the other units
in a player's army for example this
Rathore has an ability called a frenzy
blast which allows for a range attack
something none of the infantry have the
ability to do now let's discuss ranks
within the three types of units there
are different ranks most units in the
game are rank one however there are
currently a few rank two units this rank
indicates that these units are more
powerful and that they take up twice the
amount of space in the army allowance
for example instead of taking two Ashman
Hakkar a player may take one Elena
haschke why a player may do so is
because she is more powerful and offers
extremely unique benefits to the rest of
the army additionally Elena is a
character as indicated by the keyword on
the back of her card this means there
can only be one of her in the players
army at a time now let's begin talking
about the defense chart when referring
to a models defense chart rolling higher
is often better for the attacker and low
is often better for the defender defense
charts have a number of potential
results including overpower the attack
has massively overcome the targets
defenses each over result generates
two hits strike the attack penetrates
the targets defenses potentially
injuring the defender each strike
resultant generates one hit magic the
defender possesses some form of magical
defense and mystically defeats the
attack magic results can cause a magical
backlash peri the defender harmlessly
parries the attack out of the way block
the defender blocks the attack with her
shield or weapon armor the defenders
armor takes the brunt of the attack
leaving the target unharmed
and dodge with nimble ease the defender
dodges the attack avoiding injury each
of these results may be represented on a
card when attacking you will typically
want to roll higher getting a strike or
over power however certain abilities can
change an opponent's defense chart allow
for damage to be dealt at lower numbers
in this example we have a Miss here at
long horn and a techni Selleck both of
which are specialists on the left side
of the card are unit specific actions
that can be performed most of these are
attacks on the right side is a reminder
text and abilities that do not require
activations but we're interested in a
Longhorns card is his sword strike
attack
we can see under the name all the
pertinent information players need to
know here we can see that it is melee
attack that it allows for two dice to be
rolled and the range in this case it is
zero zero meaning base to base contact
additionally underneath there we can see
the special abilities this unit has
notice the long run has an ability
called unrelenting the stability
replaces one dodge on the defenders
chart with strike this is always done
from the top down in this case versus
the zelich his top dodge which is six
becomes a strike although six is
normally a dodge the unrelenting ability
has turned it into a strike and now we
have scored two hits against this alyc
now we compare the number of hits to the
resilience on the defending model
resilience measures how difficult it is
to wound a model models suffer 1 damage
each time they receive hits equal to
their resilience because the salic has a
resilience of two and has suffered two
hits he receives one damage which is
enough to kill him as you can see the
unit card is designed to give players a
quick reference to use during gameplay
we're now going to talk about how to do
combined activations and discus turn
sequence combined activations are new
and unique mechanic for ratha kings they
allow for players to develop offensive
and defensive strategies on the fly the
sake of brevity we will keep the army
allowance low on one side of the
battlefield we have a group of Ashman
swordsmen and two Ashman a car as
previously mentioned the Ashman
swordsmen are an infantry type of unit
and that car are their leader types on
the other side of the field we have a
group of union workers house technisches
infantry units and two union bosses the
leader units for house tecna's on the
first move the nasir player activates
and moves forward one leader and for
swordsman the car has a total leadership
of five which is determined by the game
size and listed in the rulebook planning
a cautious advance the tecna's player
only moves one of his union workers
forward the nasir player activates the
rest of his units which have not been
activated putting them alongside the
previously activated units
again the tecna's player moves one union
worker forward the nasir player has no
more activations and must pass by
completing all activations in passing
the nasir player has forced this turn to
be the tecna's players final activation
the tecna's player wants to keep his
leaders safe so he chooses to activate
five union workers and moves them
forward he has now created a flank of
seven workers to fight the approaching
Aesir force now the round ends
at the start of the next round the nasir
player uses a combined activation to
move five swordsmen forward and attack
the union workers
as a combined activation all five
swordsman attack at once they
successfully kill all three union
workers
you
the tecna's player now has his choice to
attack but since these union workers are
out of a friendly leaders sphere of
influence he can only activate an attack
with one per turn instead he decides to
move his leader up so that you can do a
combined activation next turn this
concludes how activations function and
rath the Kings if you have any questions
please post them in the comment section
on our wrath of Kings Kickstarter page
thank you for watching